AAP-50389-FIXED: Add Vault content to HashiCorp Getting Started guide (#4242)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/vault-aap/proc-vault-creating-custom-credential.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="vault-creating-custom-credential"]

= Creating a custom credential

[role="_abstract"]

{Vault} users must create a custom credential to use with job templates in {PlatformNameShort}.

.Prerequisite
* Your administrator has created a {Vault} credential type.

.Procedure

. Log in to {PlatformNameShort}.

> . From the navigation panel, select **Automation Execution > Infrastructure > Credentials** page, and select **Create credential**.

Reviewer: Again, sorry for not pointing out the menu paths in our attributes doc. Similar to the above suggestion: 

```suggestion
. From the navigation panel, select {MenuAECredentials}, and select **Create credential**.
```

. Enter a name and a description in the corresponding fields.

> . (Optional) From the **Organization** drop-down list, select an organization.

Reviewer: See IBM's rule about naming removing "drop-down" and just using the label: 
```suggestion
. (Optional) From the **Organization** list, select an organization.
```
